Docker json config parameter + linting (#86)
akhilerm/tag-push-action: README.md

            quay.io/akhilerm/node-disk-manager-amd64:ci
```

1. Login to all the registries from which you want to pull and push the multiplatform image.

>     **NOTE: The source registry should be logged in after all destination regisries are logged in.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **NOTE: The source registry should be logged in after all destination regitsries are logged in.**
```
typo

Author: Fixed

```

The output tags from the `meta` step can be used as destination tags for this github action.

> ### Use a custom .docker/config.json file
> 
> In case you're running on a custom GitHub runner and you docker config path is not standard:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Use a custom docker config file

The standard docker config path on GitHub runner is `/home/runner/.docker/config.json`. In case you're running on a custom GitHub runner, and your config path is not standard, then the `docker-config-path` can be used.
```

What do you think about modifying the section like this so users have a better idea about the docker config.

Author: Sounds good!
